Add a Styling Section to next/image component docs (#28055)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

- `ref`. Use [`onLoadingComplete`](#onloadingcomplete) instead.
- `decoding`. It is always `"async"`.

## Styling

> To apply more advanced styles to the underlying `img` element pass the `className` prop to the `<Image />` component and then add use Next.js's [built-in CSS support](docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support) to style that class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`next/image` wraps the `img` component with containers to maintain the aspect ratio of the image and prevent [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://vercel.com/blog/core-web-vitals#cumulative-layout-shift).

To add styles to the underlying `img` element, pass the `className` prop to the `<Image />` component. Then, use Next.js' [built-in CSS support](/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support.md) to add rules to that class.

**Note:** If using [`layout="fill"`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#layout), ensure the parent element has `position: relative` in their stylesheet.
```

- `ref`. Use [`onLoadingComplete`](#onloadingcomplete) instead.
- `decoding`. It is always `"async"`.

## Styling

> `next/image` wraps the `img` component with containers to maintain the aspect ratio of the image and prevent [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://vercel.com/blog/core-web-vitals#cumulative-layout-shift).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`next/image` wraps the `<img>` element with other `<div>` elements to maintain the aspect ratio of the image and prevent [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://vercel.com/blog/core-web-vitals#cumulative-layout-shift).
```

> To add styles to the underlying `img` element, pass the `className` prop to the `<Image />` component. Then, use Next.js' [built-in CSS support](/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support.md) to add rules to that class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add styles to the underlying `<img>` element, pass the `className` prop to the `<Image />` component. Then, use Next.js' [built-in CSS support](/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support.md) to add rules to that class.
```

> **Note:** If using [`layout="fill"`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#layout), ensure the parent element has `position: relative` in their stylesheet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** If using [`layout="fill"`](/docs/api-reference/next/image.md#layout), ensure the parent element uses `position: relative`.
```
